I'll
give
you
a high five. I'd like
you to give us a spark. This is J.M. Come
on! Come on! They
turn on the air conditioning, and I think they're going to get in there one second more later. This is a very good thing, not just because I got a
welcome aboard, but because I'm going to sit in this room at the moment, and I'll just go and play in the room, and I see that guy, I just see him
unwashed. And I remember all the horrible things we were making together. I had to tell him to be clean when I used to come up. It's not a regular,
isn't it? It was George Young over there. It was Mary Shepard over there. It was Roger Carroll, who came over, and on the path to life with God, and
what God had to say. That was a tough one. That didn't mean it. how it was before,
how it was how it was. Many, many, many, many happy times, many happy times. And they, uh, they knew me when I was discussing what I am now, that I was
quiet about it. Now, if we start with I
guess it might be that
they came in off the plane from Monterey, California. I
wouldn't
have said so, but I wouldn't have done my way back to my description. And then I was wearing extremely heavy sweater, throwback sweater, and no
T-shirt. And I felt grubby and awful, and it was like 197 degrees in this town last night. And he said I walked in, you know, like the film fell from
the air all over me. And I hear that freezing, right? And he said, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I
don't know. That's the
one, yes. That's the only one that should, to me. So, uh, let's take a look at the party, and then we kind of all pop it off one after the other.
Whether it was one of them, any of them should. I mean, I think it really has some loose parts, and that's what I was wondering around with my Air
Navy ship, Robbie. He
didn't do me a good anyway. I was one rather than the ladies' party, and I was doing my duty, which some might be, a little bit. And I was one to watch
my mouth. So if I could, I would still be on food. Because I'd rather not, but out of the back of my head, he can't always respond to me. We're talking
about the ladies now. And
we were driving back from the restaurant where I had had plenty of salmon. And we were talking about something about silver that was said about me
in relation to a fan and scientific fan. And he called me the chamber of northerners and the family. And the one that he called me the chamber of
northerners is a kind of a snail that has a pattern in its shell, little wounds in which it lives for a while. But it was out of the next building, the
next building, the next building, when it runs out of rooms, the words would show in its eyes. It was out of creative ability, but it was passed
with it. I don't
think any
of them, even though they like me, doesn't like me. I don't think they ever really suspected that I might have some talent, that I might be able to
do something that would last. Now I could all be hooked up and some of you may even have read one or two of them. The new book, which I'm going to be
talking about very popular, and this is two on repeat. Very comfortable. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy.
They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They
don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put
a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket
on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy. They don't put a jacket on the
guy. They don't put a jacket on the guy I've been doing an enormous amount of radio and TV pollution on this Joe Klein show a couple of nights ago.
Joe Klein is in the hospital, right? He's got cancer. The answer of the room. If I could, there is a God. And on the phone, they looked it up. But
some, some, you know, in the audience asked how Joe Pine was. And he said, oh, he's just fine. He was, today he was discharged from the hospital. I
think, yeah, just honorable. show. Tomorrow we'll show I feed up on Duncan, I feed up on the audience, I feed up on all the lawyers that swam who
would have been in the arena two thousand years ago with their thumbs down. I hated that a lot. A long period of time they started talking about my
hair. I said come on, don't get studied more on. I talked to people about the length of my hair, the clothes I wear. George W.D. Robert used to come
on this program all the time. He had long hair. He had short hair. He was a monster. George Washington had short hair. Long hair. I played with that
for so long. I got very excited about that. One of the things that's been happening to me on all of these interviews, on the interviews where the
interviewer hasn't even read the book, instead of reading the blurb and the jacket, I have a loving husband and a second self, you know, you're
like, that's very crap, right? We remember responses all the way, which very crap is that? Well, you know, that's very kind of what I have to read
the book, you know, and I know it's very crap, sure. I only go
on these shows more. But the people who have been doing the publishing interviews with me who have been reading the book have found a tone in the
story, which I guess has been in my workhouse for a number of years, and I have been a little disturbed about it because I now recognize it was
there, and I never did it before. It's a tone of violence, a tone of downbeat. In fact, I add up a letter from You know, I know you can't do a funny
story, but let's try and see if you can do a funny story.
And I want to deal with that at some point. I have to record the role. However, I'm going to do this talking in kind of a strange and wonderful way,
given I love to do it for weeks. I didn't divide it right now. I'm going to read some stories and go on to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on
to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to
this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to this. I'm going to read some stories and go on to
this. I'm going So that's not really an important story. Like I said, I'm really focused on how we can set the couch through. I put a story in my mind
that leads through, and you can read the screen at most times. What has been new in the occasion of my American Spring? Well, these are my dreams.
This is where I'm at. My stories are what I have to do. And if they are the things that I'm going to say, it's true. So I was talking to Joe Pines, Joe,
I'm sorry I didn't know about Joe Pines, because he is one of the most powerless, the most distasteful, the ugliest human beings the world has
ever known. And he is a swine, and is the king of the Philippines. And he feels that every base and public element in the world, he helps generate
the fears and bigotries of all of us. And so I wrote a story about it. And it's called The Teddy Crazy Show. And you probably can't see it, but the
title is like exclamation marks all the way through, you know. It's like exclamation marks on all sides of the screen. And this story is a funny
story. And I want to read it for you so that I can then get on to some of this stuff. Because this is precisely what they were talking about my father.
It's called A Stay Crazy Show. It's been published here, by the way. Get a place once in a while to get a fat dog. He's gonna love it. I said! Do that,
bring him this. Thank you. I don't care. Thank you. Yeah,
why don't you get some people and I'll just kind of jack up. What
are the audience wants to hear the sonata story? Come on. I don't want to come up here. Now, I have to tell you a Rick Paulman story. You get to this
one, sitting right there, the man with the camera, he didn't think that you were one of the persons that was a Rick Paulman. Now, I was not aware of
who Rick Paulman was before the invention last year, and then I saw this campaign everywhere. I did. You know, I couldn't go to the bathroom
without this guy. It always was in my arm. Every time I was there, that would sit in my face every time, you know. And finally, you know, I kind of
looked at him and said, who is that? He is a fan of yours. I said, well, you know, he's a, you know, why do you want him to be that fan of yours? I said,
no, you don't understand. He is a fan of yours. And he's like, you know, buys all the magazines and he used to come up and give me an autograph. You
know, I never know. So I said, here, I got an autograph. You know, I'm glad it's over now. But anyhow, so that's how he said to me, he was a rich woman
who was in the army. He was, you know, really big deal working. He's a good kid. And like, why don't you, you know, kind of say hello to him? And also,
I'm kind of high-ranking on him. He's that old, and I don't know what to say to him. He's stupid enough to be playing a bride. You know, you've got to
have brain damage. So this went on for some time at the Alaska Convention. Rich did a whole number. And then I got a letter from people saying, you
know, a rich woman really did your stuff. And he sent you some magazines to be autographed. So like, you know, McAnon himself says, sure, this
idiot couldn't be bothered to do that. And if he doesn't say no on this one, I want you to sign your pin name and your real name on the bill and on this,
also on the first page of the story. And I'd like to put this one to Mary Jane's girlfriend of mine. And, you know, this is all of the current
numbers. You know, it's been weird. So one minute about how long ago was it, about a month ago? And so this particular day,
the editor of FM and Fine Arts magazine is there trying to back me up. So the two were there, they'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with
his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife.
They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be
dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with
his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife.
They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be
dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd be dealing with his wife. They'd This guy who's
kind of walking around with a gigantic zoom lens camera. He's gathering around in my neighbor's shrubbery. Well, maybe they got a visitor. They
got a guest or somebody who may even eat a lamb head stare. Now, there's nothing behind my house but a wooden bunk, you know, and it's a brick wall
behind my house that slopes down into this kind of little valley. It's very nice. It's very nice. And, uh, I ignore it, you know, if that was in an
army uniform, I'd give the world, you know, many birds with a TIA, you know. So, uh, we kind of ignore it. We went into the house, you know, we were
walking in the laundry around the house, and we happened to wander into my living room. Now, when my living room looked out of the bag in the room,
And on the side, it was out of my kind of backyard, side garden, brick wall. Now, we go out onto the, uh, into the living room, and I look out, and here
behind this wall, you see, uh, you know what I mean? There's something about rattlesnakes. You know what I'm saying? Really rattlesnakes. Big
boys, you're going to kill your dad. Uh, stands this guy with his gigantic hair, well, I don't know how to connect. Cooking off, which is my house.
Who is this? Sure. So I go out in the back door and I say, you. And as he approaches, see Rick didn't have a mustache the last time I could see him, so I
didn't recognize him. And he came up, I saw the name, and I learned he was a poet. Yeah, I'm a poet. And I never thought he was a poet. We thought that.
And then I didn't think about the house, right? Not thinking, you know, he was like, can you imagine what's going through their minds? You know,
who is this aluminum-calling harness? I mean, how do I explain this big deal? We had an order from Lawson's, you know how they go about studying
fiction fans, right? About conventions, about Rick Coleman down there. So he came in, the first thing he did was he took off his shoes. Why'd you
take off your shoes, right? I like your carpeting, and I want to walk around and get it. Rick made a joke this morning, and I was like, well, I don't
know what to do. And everybody is from upstairs in the living room, and they're all dead. That was just a little strategy. I wish we had them in one
location. If you were under a bridge, nobody would see you. They would see five more criminal fights in the life of your life. The one there is
blue. The blue girl is a baby from church. Uh,
this is a story called The
Teddy Crazy
Show. They hired us as studio audience for 15 minutes of rock by Fred E. G. and the Uber Pension. And another five minutes of second-stream
criticism by the announcer, an ex-MC named Roland Jacoby, who had lost his holy network game show when the FTC had received reports he was
shriveling female contestant exchange for the right answers. By the time on the air, if the gallery was electric, with the various of due
atmosphere of a local arena, the wider and saddest place for Christians to be voted is the province. The very one's eyes went to monitors, and the
musical themes swelled to the studio, and your credits began to roll. Carry it! 11 o'clock, but they've extended time. Now, today's this minute
in time for the petty crazy show! Jacoby hikes it out into a jet-mike, and across our road, but a very crazy show is so very strict. Then, put him by
holding pain, then, directed by Grant Winston, and then Jacoby came in over one score. And here he is. The man who won't back off. The man who gets
the set. The man who pulls the cover and jumps to the hook. The man of the mountain. He came out of the way. The camera's two and three, caught him in
double exposure. Eddie, crazy! The vlog is getting me. The chicken's knees are not in the meat. I'm telling you, the manger's legs are not in the
meat. The fighter then was about to get blasted and screamed and yowled and whistled and stomped and hollered. And
then I straightened it to find the depth of the water, the depth of the water, the depth of the water, the depth of the water, the depth of the water,
the depth of the water, the depth of the water, the depth of the water, the depth of the water. Who's the first? Yo, yo, Mollin. Hey, great to see
you, Matthew. Look, it's here. What? Don't worry, we'll get tonight a winner. Now, you need to send us your address, Tesla. We just received a
government grant of half a million dollars, and it's more than 30,000. And this is an hour's period. There's somewhere here that wants votes.
You're on your way to the first bank of the state. Take the rest of your life to where you're going to stay for the rest of your life. Once again, look
right into the world. Take the rest of your life to where you're going to stay. Once again, look right into the world. Take the rest of your life to
where you're going to stay. It
was gray and it was hanging from his chin, but it was sparse, slimy, great empty patches of bare skin showing through, as though the base had given
up halfway through his throat. Boy, you really look like a limited-man scientist who's been crazy nobody's shot. You've got to tell them again
to tell them. I have come here to talk about... You talk about what we want you to talk about, bravo, not so funny, and you're crazy either of them.
The thing was very nice. And you know why, sweetheart, it was your choice. It was your way. I'll tell you why. It's because you've just been given a
half a million of the United States and America's tax payers. Harder than money to go off in the department to follow up some cuckoo-like ideas
you wanted to have streamed one night. And how that money is spent, money we owe with my dross, to me, is a concern of the folks who throw me in every
weekday night and want to find out the truth about weirdos like you, who can please our corrupt people and let me fill them in out of that much gold.
That's why, of course, I'm not including a mini Henry DeMauve. Now, what do you have to say to yourself, Rob? That's an opportunity to bring your
hands together out of sight all over the desk, and bring your little eyes back and forth. But what's going on? What room does that have? I came in to
show I could tell about my feeling, but out there, she's one major piece. Stay crazy, I mean, look at his lovely hands and feet. Oh, now you're
going to sit in my ass, right, Professor? Where is my producer, Mr. Hoby Clay, standing right there? Who's turning camera number one, I think,
when the camera was revolving, the red light went on. Hoby, stay crazy, I think. Did you call this man some sort of a hearing from honest,
constructive questioning? Hopefully, the frightened man is ready to screen with a renewal pick-up at the end of 36 weeks. Spread his hand
without consent, believe the vessel of comments, the sugarhead's been crazy. The camera revolved in the monitor's pick-up case greatly, once
more, looking at Tesla. Say, now you're looking at the old man who's a much popular human. No, Professor. Now that we've fooled you not only a
quack of four, but Charlotte's been in probably an inventative development firm. We've written a common-guided writing wire as well. Now, we
haven't taken a laugh. Unless there's some mistake. Right there, they used to go in. I am, only have you, the audience. You hate this old woman?
You hate them, and it is for Hollywood that they must hold? Let me hear it! The streets were crumbling, but they peed against the walls, and they
shallered down like broken glass, and they slashed through the air like shards of steel. A little old Professor Pessler cringed behind the
desk. It was what the law courts called, race keeps the wake of us, a thing that speaks to itself. No one believed you. There were millions of eyes,
Professor was, that quick snapped discredited. Now it's lucky that we have the screen to die away, unless we've got only enough money, it's very
crazy to say that the uncommon softness when you use a president's dog when you take a picture of this facility. Now, Professor, let's talk about
your theory. But they created it within 15 minutes. In one second it was shown that the models had to send away some of the important pieces of the
illustration. And all across America, no, but no, believed the professor was on it. Anything was predicted that a bad case was too much cheap
whiskey. They created it with a taping break for commercials. Four of them. What, two taping backs? If you back to Green's second guess, there's
a lead news inspire, powerful dancers, supporting a fatherless family and stuff. She came on stage with no whistles, but what really was wild
about beetles and wild about beetles was usually what she did with the minister's stick. It was quite tall, almost 6 feet, wearing white nailing
hat and leather coats, a minstrel that reached him from over 12 knots, and flowing long blonde hair through bustles and mesh. But there was an
undeniable sweetness about it. It was very, very innocent in the face. Laughed long into the directness, but the lie of both her occupation and
the moron mask, they created more as she watched him death. The evening, Mr.
Steyer, anything you say. The evening is crazy. Goodbye. What kind of meaning is it for smucks, Mr. Steyer? I mean, if you're not even dropped
back in the typical style. If it's not for a woman, Kenny Cravey would play corner word games. People on Congress would play crazy. But
apparently, he knew something. What's that supposed to mean? She looked blank. What it means is that if you're a fucking big and 99th rare, and
you are not pulling around with your measurements, when that's really the matter is, that you're all fucked up with silicone. That's a dirty
lie! Yeah, well, belly in for a close-up, Cameron, I agree. Because this piece of paper, I'm holding in my right hand, is a small affidavit of Dr.
Kenneth J. Ophatoshio, a plastic surgeon at Beverly Hills. He's worked on a jolly 70th of last year. He operated a new robust expansion of his
cell phone, and I need to just grab the makeup and dress it both hands and rip down suddenly. What was the sound of torture for all the men, but one of
the treating eyes of millions of Americans in the Great Waste Land, Mr. Steyer was made in a way. I thought it was funny, she demanded in her own,
but all of a sudden, I thought it was funny, or a cut-off year instantly. Well, rather, it may be in the style. Mr. Steyer was reclosed and topped
alone by a man with a third-world view of the audience who started making him. Today, crazy staff is holding hands with him, calm, and until he had
swallowed something that would enrich him. Ladies and gentlemen, he's dead. What you've just seen is a broken demonstration of the face of a
female in the street. In the living demonstration of the unfinished business of this woman to retain legal motherhood of seven essential
children, I have no left to date on that new paper, because we're going to attempt on my part to promote this woman to enact such humbleness that
her true nature will redeem itself. I, her gentleman, went out there to write with a funeral accord and dear law enforcement, to have those seven
small children reduced from the custody of a woman who was even less than an honest prostitute. It's a pretty good statement. By the time they are
three days later, the representatives of the Juneau Court have already been able to take a new desire to send children from them. But they have
been happy with their mother, that she can continuously rely on her own mother to make no difference. Any creating a good job well. Even if the
world becomes a core model, they need to start for themselves to make the sure way. But that was only one-third of the 90 minutes go out of the page,
Rachel. How does the show prevent you to swear at promising novelists? Excuse me, I'm being a rank plenometer. The manufacturer of a new drug
supported the cure of cancer, with a mirage that insinuated side effects of the drug produced something more convenient than some of my babies.
And a woman seeking a long-awaited post, by proving to the audience the satisfaction of the man being sought, had been in charge of the asset and
the contract. Any great show was nearing the end for that 90 minutes. We had been into the no-advocacy of the show. And what's all these things
we're supposed to show today? And who's our last
guest, Marlon? They've made me ask. But there's no answer to Marlon's question. But there was a flash of light and a distinct smell of something
that should have been watched. And I was named Marlon, with the magic magic of the Prince of Darker than you said. I wanted to look like him. But
long ago, protruding the ceiling looked like a suit. And if I ain't got any of the wisdom flash that he's got across to the test, the global
movement will bring it up more likely to be on the floor. It's going to be a random light and turn up within the fact that the one red hair is coming to
death. It's not even a burning cold, it's a finger nail with black, and the expression that it's making is starting to increase for a moment. The
fallen angel is your last jet, Mr. Cranby. And you see this, though. The black doesn't like to be run, so they create a scare for a moment. Then we
die in war, and that's when they're back to running. They're not going to run. I'm going to kill you, though. I'm going to take you. They have war on
them, and then they're going to get you to jerk apart a piece by horn by tail, like me. They're going to turn the master of the draw, and turn him into
a jet. Well, Your Majesty, in the words of the Lord, I want you to know the special privilege of Your presence here on my humble shelf. To be beside
you, you're crazy. I'm here tonight to offer you a reward. Oh, what might that be, so you? I'll bear it to life. That's the potion that my gifts and
the Lord's reasons for hell I can not suggest to you. And, uh, might I be accurate in calling it some sort of hallucinogenic crush to other, less
fortunate folks might use to delight themselves? And not strictly speaking, you know, you can call it a psychedelic chew, but it's much more
ancient a recipe than that. What if I just try it out here? The same reason you want to hear poppies. They brought out a small piece of paper that
looked like Lincoln's paper, and they said they didn't see the paper. It's not touching the tape. They created a little example of it, and just
threw it down on the desk. Alright, so another one is nonsense. Let's find out exactly what it is you're trying to come up with that get-up. What do
you say should ever be? I'm not trying to pull anything, Mr. Frazier. I'm here very, very worried for your unsteady service. Now you're going to
say, I know from you that you're a Jew from the other side. I'm contrary to what you're saying. Both with an essence. Mr. Frazier, it's my fate to
let my food eat the make itself. I'm very wise and wonder not to eat whatever it is that the government ceases to eat. We should personally
introduce the very under 10 years ago, as I recall. Any crazy before it. All right, forget the philosophy, cream, and just sock it to the meat.
Great. Satan out of being fine, fine. I don't have too much time to rest in any game. The point is, Mr. Crazy, the many of the people you simply may
show, the most ringy way a professor tests life and desires is to throw a gun at two others just tonight, you're not reading for long with my
operation. to discredit, just believe in your imagination. And so that's why we have to read all the silent conditions in mind yet, to stop them.
It's plain habit, it's probably about it. It's a brilliant neighbor, it's all these good folks. It seems the only way to get things back on board
are even dealers who reward you for what you've done to put an end to all of this. Just a little delight to sort it. Hey, crazy, crazy, buddy. Can you
folks see what this lady's saying? They just didn't even laugh. Well, if I'm in Charlotte, Mr. Crazy, then you should have no fear about trying to
put me in so much pain in the toilet paper. Well, that's just rough, ain't nobody would think I'm gonna drop asses. Right here, it's not in a couple
of five million people, just give me your job. You think I'm going to pollute my Christian Bible influence just to give you a chance to push
whatever medium that's out of this? If I'm in school, it's only to help us most who want something to lighten their burdens? No chance. No damn
chance, as you said. Well, I'm afraid you have no choice, Mr. President. Mr. President, we haven't seen life until tomorrow, Mr. President. How
about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it? How about it?
Some of the day-crazy trends are stoned with what they vary out. In turn, when life seems marvellous, it probably will pile up dust on the desktop
and on the chair. But it didn't help them visitor much, because having it set, disbelief brings dissolution. That's what he's not accepted,
which is rejected. Day-crazy moves dust, but visitor management is like that. Never be heard from him. But this was the...
many crazies in dying and doing the world's two big papers got the highest
rating of the career.
I know there are so many
men I like to rip to, and I don't tell the wife, you know, to keep eyes down. Going
down to Joe Pine's
show, there's a very strange experience. I recognize what I was saying about all of you staying with me, which is that there's so many violence in
your story. Your story's all about such a tough new world for everybody that's unhappy. But honestly, the exception is there's nothing happy
about it. But Joe Pine, what stands for Mr. Goodfine? Well, I'd say I have no idea now. I don't even know the audience. There's
kind of people, I think, who have watched that show, who have voted for that kind of show, who choose to laugh at the things, who choose to, uh,
steal a video of me talking, who, uh, stand around and watch. These
people are all behind me from these parties. And I find myself suddenly in a position to be a pain cryer. And I don't much like it. But maybe I don't
much like what's going on around me. I think... I've
just been said that I think it's true that we don't need to balance. How does anybody even get changed for food? So, if anybody come in, if they
don't spend their time playing, all right, we'll get you out of the way. We'll get you out of the way. You
know,
the day before the bottom 30 was clear. The country had a lot of black people standing up, standing back around the country. You know, the day
before the bottom 30 was clear. The country had a lot of black people standing up, standing back around the country. You know, the day before the
bottom 30 was clear. I'm
going to ask you to stand up in front of me. I'm going to say, there is a gap between New York's religion and New York's country and our
achievements, but we're not a society, and we're not going to allow the country to go its own way. Now, that kind of statement I
think there's something that I've looked at, I've looked at the actual, you know, highly major assassinations that have been had this country
under the last five years, but I don't think it is. That's
how it works. You
know, you just have to deal with it in a similar way, you know, to the left. We are not going to be the same. Hey, why are we going to be the same shit?
You are the Saxon Indian public. You are the public figure. You know, we are not children in the rock world. We may not have life as in the mother,
but it is a public building that runs down in the street. We are not nice like those young people. You know, people choose to think about
immigration. They are not a good guy. They just kill their sexes and divide them a lot. That's the way it works. But
it's
very hard to hide the cross among them. The force behind it is very, very long. Now, for example, you're saying to me, how do you know something
about what you're destroying? You're not saying to me, Jim, how do you know something about what you're destroying? But this is what I see in you.
You see, why don't you talk about these good things? And I said, because people are not going to buy this paper with no money on it, which is not
going to occur in a period of time. That's the way people think. They're not going to want to read it. You say that they're going to buy something
about it, and you buy it with no money on it. The
thing I know is
that I know what I want to like. But the things that are important to talk about are the things that are terrible because of the good things that
they have themselves. How much responsibility does it matter to have to do something like this? Well, I'm proud because their right is
responsibility and it's good stuff, of course. To be honest, if you do the best job, you can't help this story and I'm not. But if you don't have
that, you have to be with those times. That is a whole new show, second possibly only in the future of the young population. It seems to me that
later, in our time, It
has
to look at these people, they're the ones who lose. It has to look at the southern people. It has to be a little pain, a little nasty, a little
insulting, or exactly what they're trying to do. They know that you're going to lose. It's happening to you like people are going to be
backsideed. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to
be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's
not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to be. It's not the
way it was going to be. It's not the way it was going to They're
really upsetting, I think. It's probably that kind of way. Violence is not a good tool, when I try to make him a very scientific, but I want you to
put a thousand people in a scientific field where violence is what it's adding to that work. You know, he talks about the innocence of violence.
Uh, just kind of, I don't know how you're going to put violence, but I'm not negating to use violence. Because by using a very high level of
information, they show you But
in
fact, that doesn't worry all of you. You know, in this past, the kind of violence we saw, maybe we killed the Prime Minister of South China, you
know, was being instigated, but maybe we killed the President. You know, it could get the President right. But today, you know, each of us has not
come out of the common space. When you come out of it, I am not suggesting it's the truth, because I haven't got any way to highlight it. How
many times have you been hit by that incredible thing here that just drives me to the car, that you're going to hear it right next to you? You don't
feel that? That's harder. The more you feel it, the more you will feel something that's assassinated. Even if you don't got it, maybe you have to
be next. Yeah. If you're not, it gets all the way down around. I
think what I'm saying is that I've chosen to be conscious. And
I didn't realize it when I started writing these kind of stories. Something about 1960, I wasn't really writing anything that I didn't find
anything that could pull off time to do anything. So since 1960, I've been very, very involved in an awful lot of kinds of social affairs, like the
civil rights movement, and the police movement, and all of that. And my time disturbs me. And I think it's my opportunity, personally, as a
writer, to write the kind of stories in which there was no awareness. You
see, not a happy ending. I don't care if you ever walk into the sunset. I don't care again. What I care about is that when you hear a word in one of my
stories, you say, wow, you never really thought about it that way before. And if I remember correctly, I'd love to read you a little story about
that. Is there anybody who wouldn't? I mean, if there's no one who wouldn't, you know? If there's no one who wouldn't, then I'd love to read you a
little story about that. Is there anybody who wouldn't? I mean, if there's no one who wouldn't, then I'd love to read you a little story about
that.
I'm
not
a leader. I'm not
a leader. I'm not a leader. I'm not a leader. I'm not a leader. I'm not a leader. I'm not a leader. I'm not a leader. But,
uh, some things don't need to much survival. Some things don't need knowledge. We can't do all that work. But we can't do that really. Uh, it's not
gonna be something wrong. Uh, I can't tell you what it is. And I couldn't tell you what it is, but it is. So I wrote this story called Shattered at the
Blast Goblin. And, uh, here's a picture of a story on the occasion of the overnight spoiler collection the next week coming up. Uh, and all I have
to say about this is that I wrote this, and then went into Um,
so the issue is that I, you know, I didn't know how I grew up and I didn't hate it. And one of the things, it was, it was when I was a little kid, really,
I, you know, I only used one store. So it was there. It was later. I really found it. We've
got to put you under cover so I'm less than average in the last election. We're going to defend power but not just children but fight them. But
if I remember it once, there was no sunlight, only a couple of sheets of beautiful gold that was always near the sun. Here, down the sidewalk, it
stopped in front of the place, which was a gathered place, with a bright hand cut, and the last breath of morning was seen in the middle of an
unfinished swamp. The last cut was in a place being just in the outreach tents, in between the Manaya apartment houses, where they built a squat
structure on either side. In
this room, you have the building from the morning, the old house coming from the window, the kitchen, the sink, the cabinet, the room, the house.
You have a room for the guests, you have windows, a kitchen for the children, and a front door. The front door is only in the car. Darkness seemed to
bring you out of the cabin. We even shifted
the double back slightly, I'm sure, but he was afraid of the house. He was briefly mind-blowing as he stood there, and he put a hand for the squad
and put his back on the front side of the shoulder blades. He looked into a curve of the walking sky, seeping the way out of him, but I couldn't feel
it. Christy wasn't there. I had to go and answer the door. She
heard Daddy not speaking, a long, long hair, a lack of spirit in her face, peeling off the inside of her nail, nail on her chin. It makes the same
kind of a thing. She went to the rest of the car and said it would take me a day to kill her. She said, I don't know if I would live with one. Chris
grudges, he said, urgently. The blind door turned away and walked back in between all those at the turn of the door. I asked, did you see the man in
the doorway? And suddenly, there was something around the door for their barriers, but I didn't notice it. It started like a smack in the face by a
one-way bridge and said, it was my arm. Then he puts it in the empty cage and was hit in the throat. He took a step back and got a lot of bridges in the
side of the line. I thought, I'm going to go and hit his arm, and he was still buzzing, and then he played with the guy in the back behind him. If
nothing ever was in the front door, it was up in some kind of way. It was close behind me. He
found this on a big floor, lying against the wall of the heart closets. But what began swimming in fear? Well, he had it. The right hand of her
mouth, a little bit of quote, with a felt-flame range for the act of spirit, and she stopped at the last moment of the hearing. Her mouth had been
lifted into the workers. The dirty sweat sauce was pungent as stew. These jackets are used to make him dry at the moment. Her mouth raised when it
said that the world was just hard to pick up. The other writing needs to know what you've been asked to know of you, how long. and
he told them that three of them take the bait. Chris? Slowly, with everything up that she saw him, much later she trapped and felt as if she'd been
in a crime. Go away, and... in a way that sounded as if it wasn't because back in the day when he died, he was still in the same time, looking at him, he
didn't feel as if he was saying anything, and... no. When
you touch down the sire, it's hard
to go in twice the size of his chest. And it's so difficult to reach for the top of it. Chris, please. He turned her head away with the hand that he was
threatening while he sat in the walkway because of you. Please. When you cross the walkway, it's time for somebody to come in and pull in pieces
and set her up for his life on a passageway in the middle of the world. But if you pass through and you look out to the closet door, I have a feeling
this is hearing you. There was no sign that you knew her. She was trying to crawl back further into the closet. She was trying to smile. She turned
back, unhands and keeps moving the closet after her. Then a rabbit, she said, laying her sleeve. And her crush was a little rabbit. She looked
down. His rabbit, he was lying in a soft matted fur hat with a pink rabbit. He looked out the window and was being carried to the corner of the
closet. She looked at it with disgust. He looked at her, changed her way. I'm out of my way, Chris, when he said to him, But
if
we're in the island later, I want you to come back, please. Please? She would not listen to me, so I would wait for her to come back to me. Even later,
eight months later, I'll come back to her. Since I'm getting back to the children, I'll tell you, we're going to go to the German at the house.
There's
a sun that's in a very tiny room in the middle of a black shadow where a top-seller spares respect for a mad man. He's going to be a blackster,
perhaps a poor child. I don't know if it was true, but I think I'd be a little too much for him. It wasn't where I was at this place. Why didn't you come
here? Because you're going to marry me! Yeah, I did. I love you, Chris. Please? He
kicked
out
at him, but didn't hurt, but it was getting to him. He knocked out of the closet, slowly. Joe was down in the living room. The round girl who
answered the door was trying to get his pants off him. He took shade in his head now and tried to fend her off with a needle-listered hand. The
record player in the brick and bare bookshelves was playing Simon and Garfield in the big white green playing machine. He called me, Joe said
gently. Melting, and he pointed towards a big foggy mirror over the fireplace mantlet. The fireplace was crammed with unburned wax milk
cartons, candy bar wrappers, newspapers from the underground press, and tea letters. The mirror was skinned and chilled. Melting! Joey Yelts
suddenly covered his eyes. Oh, shit, the laundry all set and threw him down, getting up and laughing. She came for a hootie. Well, what's wrong
with the media? He's pretty nodding at kind of what a drag he could be. Yeah, but what's happening to it? You see this face melody, that's what it
says. Is me on the L.A. Warner, the blonde girl to be with such a good girl? No. Hey, who are you? I'm a friend of Chris's. The blonde girl, I say it a
little bit more than that. By the way, her shoulder is dropping to pop to relax. I thought you may have just walked in, you know, maybe the laws, you
know? There was a little earthquake on the lower island, right in the state, in a long-space swamp where the sun caught it every morning. He
looked around uneasily, and he didn't know what to do. I was supposed to marry Chris, but he came up to go, he said. You know what I'm saying? That's
the bottom of it. When Jim and Cherokee turns off, I can dream close co-op all morning, you know, I think I'm really horny. Another record dropped
out of the turn table, and the loose-gibby-wonder blew hard, and it was harmonic, and started singing, having more than others. I was engaged in
Christmas, like you said. We're going to be married when I got out of the basement, but she decided to come over and do the joint. And I didn't want
to push her, so I waited eight months. But I'm out of the Army now. We'll be doing it without you. under the dynamicator. She put a snap in the photo
when he said, Superhero, and I had to call to New York. When he went back into the living room, Joe was sitting up on the sofa reading Kessler's
Majesty a movie. Joe said, Joe looked up. It took him a while to recognize him. When he didn't have the sofa decided, he immediately came and sat
down. Hey, who do you think this is? I'm in the Army. Wow, Eddie. We were supposed to get married about these
months ago. When she's around someplace, she'll answer you. Out of the cage, in the dining room where the blonde girl is sleeping naked under the
table, in the sound of something wild carrying her to me, it went on for a long time, but we was looking out the front window, the big, big window.
There was a man in the dark place standing, talking to two policemen on the sidewalk at the edge of the front walk, meeting up in the front door.
John, can Chris come the way now? John, look there. Hey, listen, man. Nobody's keeping her here. She's moving all of us. She'd like to go after the
baby. Nobody needs. But you've got to walk him up to the front door. We got up and went to ask the doorbell. They smiled at him when we started on the
uniform. Then you got to leave, Patrick. The first cop said, uh, do you live here? Yes, and there'll be my, my name is Bruno Freckle. May I help you?
Well, we'd like to come inside and talk to you. Do you have a search warrant? We don't want to serve. We only want to talk to you. Are you here to get
discharged? I can't wait to see my family. Well, can we come in? No, sir. The second half of the trip. Is this the place they call the hill? Ooh.
Nobody asked what the trip was. Well, the neighbor said this was the hill, and there was a pretty wild party going on here. Can you hear any party?
The hospital please, sir. Nobody asked. It's always very quiet here. My mother has died of cancer this morning. They let no one
move in, because no one was able to pass to the teams aboard in the outside. Aside from Rudy who went out to get through, as the weekend fits to the
other side of the line, no one left to heal from the new crew. Very quiet. Except sometimes there was a sound of growling in the back hall leading up
to what it could have made for him, and splashing from the face of the sound of wet things on bricks. Because if a self-contained blue universe,
ordered on the north by acid and mescaline, on the south by papillote, on the east by speed and red ball, and on the west by down to the inside, there
were 11 people living in a hill, 11, and living. He walked through the hall, and sometimes found Chris, who did not talk to him, saying, once, what
you're asking me, he never did carry behind anything except the road. He didn't know what to answer, but he was saying, clean, with the color of
the grid, it walked off to the tail, and he needed to throw it at it. He didn't
know why he was there, except that he didn't understand why she wanted to stay. They hit all these bars. They sometimes felt that if you just did
the right thing the right way, Chris would come away with them. He began to dislike the wife. He hurt his eyes. No one talked to anyone else very
much, but it was always a struggle to keep high, to keep the blue high as elevated and possible, in that way they cared for each other. And really
became the one link with the outside, when they written to someone as parents in front of the bank, someone. And now there was money coming in. Not
much, but enough to keep the blue stock in the rent aid. But he insisted quickly nice to them. They all made her be nice to him, and she slept with him
in the little room in the second floor where Rudy had put his newspapers in his couple bags. He laid there most of the day when he was not out on
errands for the hills, and he read the smaller items about train wrecks and molestations in the suburbs, and christened him and they made love of
the sword. And one night she convinced me he should make it heavy behind acid. And he let the paper dissolve in his throat, and she was stretched
out like a cat for six miles. He was a fine copper wire charged with electricity, and he pushed her flesh. She ridden with the current that flowed
through him, and he ain't softer yet. He sank down into the softness and carefully absorbed the intricate blue-green effect her tear drops made
as they rose in the midst around it. He was down to get slowly, turning and turning, and by a whistle of gloom he came out of his body with a spider
web. The sound of a breathing, the moist, crisp with killer cavity, went down and down with the sound of the very walls of his cell. When he touched
him with his walled metal finger, he drew in breathability, worked in the air, up around him as he sank down, pushing slowly in the veil of musty
uselessness. There was an insistent pulse in him. and he was afraid of it. He descended the high peak of wine into something threatening to
shatter. He felt panic, panic, gripping, waving at him. He was broken, stricken. He tried to grasp the veil of the toilet, and then he was
boiling, faster now, much faster, and afraid. fire that exploded all around him in the shrieking of something that wanted him, that was seeking
him, hulking deeply in a drawer of an animal he would not name, and he heard her shouting, heard her roar, and pitched beneath him, and it
felt a crushing feeling in him. And there was silence. The last of two of them. And there was soft music that demanded nothing but the attention.
So they laid their foot together, and they gave him the pain. And he was left in the sun all alone. After that, really so that we had it in the light.
He didn't shot me at night, we were in shape. We emptied the garbage at night, and swept down the front door. And in the front wall of the city,
because the lawnmower was a little noisy, the residents were all in high spirits. We were in a wonderful place, because when we stole him a sound,
we were all through the day. We began to realize, we had not seen some of the other young people who lived in this place for a long time, but the
sounds from above, The low and rounding in the house grew more frequent. Three clothes were too large for him now. He wore only underpants. His
hands and feet hurt. The couple of the defenders were larger than crackling them. They were always an angry crazy. His hand always burned. The
same perpetual odor of weed was saturated in the wood wall and the rafters. He had an itch on the outside of his ear, and he could not well. He made
newspapers all the time. What on newspapers whose items were embedded in his memory? Remember the job he once held as a garage mechanic, but that
seemed a very long time ago. When they'd come off the electricity in the field, he didn't bother me, because he preferred the dark. But he went to
tell me the letter. He could not find it. They were all gone. He'd been crisp. He heard the noises from the basement and went down with foreign
silence in the darkness, the basement of whose blood it was. One of the 11 names heading was there. He was attached to the slime coated upper wall
of the basement, hanging close to the stone, hoping softly to get him off the thin green light. He dropped a rubbery arm into the water and let it
hang there. He moved his eyes and his eyes were tied. Then something came there and he made a shocking movement and brought the thing up still
riding. It had rubbery grip and it issued up the wall in a dark and white spot and it looked at the surface and it abandoned the color of its length
and pushed the thing in the dark blood spot where it shrieked with a terrible sound and he knew that it was a sucking noise and then it swallowed him
down. Moving my back up stairs, on the first floor of the farm, the one who was the blonde girl whose name was Adrienne, she lay out a table and one
with a table cloth and a dining room table. The three of the others, the Anastasia, in a very normal while, put their teeth into her. And through
their hollow shark teeth, they drank up the yellow fluid from the broken puss pot that they did with the rest in the front. Their faces were very
white in their eyes, going, flying into the second floor. Louis was almost knocked down by the passage of something that had been picked up,
flying an heavily-bred leather weight carrying acid jars. He found Chris in the attic in a corner breaking his skull and sucking out the moist
brain and lifting the cable to the left of the floor. Chris, we have to go away this morning. She reached out and crushed him, snapping his long,
pointed, dirty fingernails against him. He ran like Chris did. From the rafters of the attic, Jonah crouched gargoyle and sleeping. There was a
green stain on his jaw and something stringing his claws. Chris, please. Chris
sucked out the last of the middle good things in the skull of the siloed little creature and scraped highly at the blasted body with hairy hands.
She stumbled back on her heart, she said her long, hairy muzzle pulled up. Rudy scuttled away. We ran low as nothing was rushing the attic floor as
he scampered the safety. Behind him, Chris was growling. We got down to the second floor, and then to the first, they tried to climb up on the
Morris chair in the mantle. So he could see himself in the mirror in the light from the moon through the fly-blown window. But Naomi was on the
window, wrapping up the fly. This was funny. He climbed with desperation, wanting to see himself. And when he stood before the mirror, he saw
that he was transparent, that there was nothing inside him, that his ears had grown pointed and had hair on their hips. His eyes were as huge as the
cars here, and a reflection of light heard him. Then he heard the growl behind him, allowing him. A little glass gobbled in turn, and the werewolf
rose up on his high legs and touched him till he rang like crying pistol. And the werewolf said with very little concern, have you ever grew heavy
behind anything except love? Please, the little grass goblins say, just as the great Harry Potter slapped him in one million cross-gaming
rainbow fragments, all expanding consciously into the pipe really cold universe that was the hill, all buzzing, highly-contacted in Italy,
off into a darkness that began to seep out through the silence with its raw.
I see I had gone on far too long already, so I will make a quick summary of it. A writer from a church writes just a book, or just a play, or even one
partrain at a time. What he's doing is he's making a journey through life and recording it. And what he's saying at this time is, this is where I
think I am at this time, and this is what this place looks like to me. It seems to me that a writer, to be of any value at all, not only for himself, but
for austerity and to his times, must write of his times and of himself, must write of particular fears and assail him, even as they are reflected
in the things around him that he sees. What I've tried to do, I now realize, is what I've said in a book about these are my dreams. is I've tried to put
all of my dreams down, so that maybe just for once you can look out of other eyes of wonder than your own. We all see our own special eyes, and even if I
can have the other words, you can't see our mind unless I'm speaking my story. And for the family to join my story is going to be an award. And so we
exchange our easy-to-be stories tonight. Thank you.